README.md, before:

The idea of the program is to keep a running set of every url that has been visited, as well as a set of every URL seen but not yet visited.
The parsing was done with html.parser

Problems faced:
Logging in was where about 90% of my time was spent. I developed a lot of misconceptions as to what was needed to make a successful POST request.

Notes on HTTP for self:\
HTTP used to transmit resources - uRl
use http parser
Must use CRLF in string literals, CR - \r, LF - 
Can just use Path, HTTP proxies would use whole URL

Allowed: urllib.parse, html, html.parser, xml

Initial request line: GET /path/to/file/index.html HTTP/1.0
HTTP1.1 needs the host header - e.g. Host: www.host1.com:80

https://piazza.com/class/l7kwgqgh3pd6vc/post/616

General Format:

    an initial line,
    zero or more header lines,
    a blank line (i.e. a CRLF by itself), and
    an optional message body (e.g. a file, or query data, or query output). 
Initial lines and headers should end in CRLF

gzip decoder needs entire data chunk to decode properly

Commit message:

Version with correct output format, Makefile updated, readme finished

README.md, after:

This crawler can be split into three phases. The first phase involves collecting the tokens needed to login. The second phase involves sending a POST request to the login page and collecting and storing the cookies obtained. The third phase is a breadth first search using any <href> links encountered as the frontier. Two sets were maintained - one to track the frontier and another to track any URLs that have already been visited. Any URLs that have already been visited are not added to the frontier.

In the second phase the preliminary csrf and session_id cookies were obtained with a GET call to /accounts/login/. The csrfmiddlewaretoken was found by parsing the HTML returned in the HTTP response. The Content-Length header was calculated with a helper method that encoded the body with utf-8 and calculated its size with a len() call.

The majority of the parsing was done with html.parser, allowed me to overwrite the automatic function calls that it had when it found a start tag or HTML data. I used the start tag function to catch every HTML tag, and filtered it to only the tags that contain 'href' and a link with 'fakebook' in it. The flags were filtered to only the pages where the 'class':'secret_flag' tag was encountered, and then string parsing was used to find filter the Data containing the term 'FLAG:' to just its 64 digit flag.

Problems faced:
Logging in was where about 90% of my time was spent. I developed a lot of misconceptions as to what was needed to make a successful POST request, and trying to reverse engineer the request automatically made by my browser felt aimless at times. A professor's response on Piazza stated that no GET call was required to /accounts/login/ before a POST, which I took as meaning that the initial session_id and csrf cookies were not necessary. I also took the warning to examine the HTML carefully as examine the HTTP carefully. Thus when I encountered the csrfmiddlewaretoken and googled it, it seemed to be an efficiency token used by a browser plugin and I ended up looking elsewhere. I instead found myself googling every single header to see if it would help me authenticate my login.
